(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
Tai and the other Digi-destined,
along with their partner
Digimon, continue their quest
to prevent the revival
of Millenniummon,
the bringer of
destruction and darkness.
And so, they head for
the Sealed Grounds.
(Komondomon howling)
Yay, a forest!
Aren't we lucky?
[Joe] We're saved!
It's been nothing but
flat fields forever!
[Tai] Okay, Let's all split up
and see if we can find
some grub around here.
[Agumon] Great idea!
(footsteps tapping)
(Kari whimpering)
What is it, Kari?
This thing's alive.
-(ground rumbling)
-(tense music)
(all yelping in alarm)
What is this, an earthquake?
(ground rumbling)
Do you feel that?
Yeah.
This place could be...
No, it definitely is.
It's a Digimon!
(tense music)
(Petaldramon roaring)
So it is a Digimon.
And a truly massive one.
To carry a forest-
No, wait a second.
This Digimon is the forest!
What's that?
(Sora gasping)
So what is it?
[Sora] Some areas of the
forest look pretty damaged.
(Kari gasping)
(leaves rustling)
(leaves cracking)
(Kari gasping)
(Gatomon grunting)
(Tai and Agumon gasping)
(bugs buzzing)
[All] Whoa.
-(Kari panting)
-Kari, wait!
[Tai] Kari, Gatomon!
(mystical music)
-(Kari panting)
-(footsteps tapping)
(leaves rustling)
(bugs chittering)
(tense music)
There you are!
Lightning Paw!
-(all panting)
-Blast those things!
Blue Blaster!
Pepper Breath!
(attacks exploding)
(bugs skittering)
-Kari!
-Gatomon!
(all exclaiming in surprise)
(Kari gasping)
You all right?
(Izzy gasping)
Looks like they're moving off.
Guys, I think it's
those black bugs
that are causing all
the damage down there.
-The poor forest.
-(Palmon yelping)
Don't let them destroy me, too!
(bugs chittering)
[Izzy] I think they're leaving.
The bugs seem to be moving
away from the giant Digimon.
Well, let's hope that means
we've driven them off for now.
(Petaldramon roaring)
(Petaldramon creaking)
(footsteps thudding)
We're moving again!
I wonder where this
big guy's off to.
(footsteps thudding)
Hi, there.
I'm Kari.
What's your name?
(roots creaking)
(footsteps thudding)
[Muchomon] It's Petaldramon.
-(all gasping)
-Who's there?
(Muchomon whimpering)
Well, thank you.
That's good to know.
(Muchomon yelping)
Hey, wait up!
Where are you going?
(Gomamon panting)
[Palmon] Mimi, Mimi!
Did they say Petaldramon?
[Mimi] What, do you
know them, Palmon?
[Gatomon] I've heard that name.
(Tai humming questioningly)
It's the name of a being
of great ancient power,
one that is also known
as the "living forest."
Whoa, mystical.
Wow!
That's a legendary Digimon!
I can't believe I'm standing
on a legend, so cool!
Petaldramon...
(footsteps thudding)
(bugs chittering)
(Muchomon panting)
Stop, will ya?
Don't run away!
We don't mean you
any harm, really!
(Muchomon screaming)
Wait, we just wanna talk to you!
(Gabumon and Muchomon
grunting in pain)
(footsteps thudding)
This is Muchomon and Puwamon.
[Gomamon] They thought
we might be dangerous.
That's why they
ran away from us.
[Palmon] Do you
live in this forest?
Yeah.
'Cause our old home
is gone forever now.
What happened to it?
(Kari humming sadly)
It was completely destroyed.
The forest we used to live in
was attacked by
those black bugs,
and a much bigger Digimon, too.
Our home, everything was eaten.
But then, Petaldramon...
(Petaldramon crashing)
Petaldramon got angry.
And so, again and again,
Petaldramon has fought them
and has kept going after
them all this time.
[Palmon] Well, it's no wonder!
We'd do the same
thing ourselves.
It's wrong to destroy a forest!
[Muchomon] Anyway, that's
why we've been traveling
with Petaldramon, because
we have nowhere else to go.
Digimon that eat whole forests?
So to Petaldramon, these
bugs are like an old nemesis.
Didn't you mention
that this struggle
wasn't only between the
darkness and the light?
(Gatomon humming affirmatively)
So these clouds of black
bugs must be attacks
sent out by that Digimon.
Petaldramon will never stop.
Even after being hurt from
fighting them, hurt bad,
Petaldramon fights on.
It sure would weigh you down,
having to fight all those
black bugs over and over.
(Tai humming grimly)
(footsteps thudding)
(Kari whimpering)
(Kari grunting in determination)
(all grunting in surprise)
[Gatomon] Kari,
what are you doing?
Wait!
(leaves rustling)
Kari, where are you going?
-(Kari panting)
-(leaves rustling)
Petaldramon!
What are you doing?
I wanted to say, thank you so
much for saving us earlier!
(footsteps thudding)
My name is Kari!
And, well, I wanna
help you, if I can.
Would it be okay if I
try to help you out?
(Petaldramon humming)
(leaves rustling)
(all gasping)
(roots creaking)
Huh?
(Kari gasping)
(gentle music)
(all gasping)
Kari?
Don't worry.
It's all right.
(Tai gasping)
Huh?
(flowers popping)
(all clamoring excitedly)
They look delicious!
Yeah!
Does this mean we can eat 'em?
I know we're in a hurry
to complete our journey,
but still, we also
need some rest.
(fruit crunching)
Such hospitality.
How will we ever repay you?
Gatomon.
(all munching)
Well, we're in too
deep now, anyway.
(Tai chuckling)
(all chuckling)
All right, we're in.
Yeah! As human beings, we can't
just ignore what's happening.
And we can't as Digimon, either!
We all need to help
each other out!
Yeah, exactly!
(Kari giggling)
(soft orchestral music)
(Petaldramon roaring)
(Tai gasping)
(Kari whimpering)
(bugs chittering)
(dramatic music)
Oh, man.
Looks like they were just
lying in wait for Petaldramon.
(dramatic music)
(Tai whooshing)
(logo twinkling)
(bugs chittering)
(all gasping)
It's the black bugs!
Agumon!
Agumon digivolve to
(heroic music)
Greymon!
(Greymon thudding)
[TK] I'll back you
up with Pegasusmon!
Listen up!
Don't let those
bugs get any closer!
Good luck, you guys.
How do you like these apples?
(all yelling battle cries)
(fire crackling)
(Tai screaming)
We won't let you
stop Petaldramon!
(Togemon yelling battle cry)
(all screaming)
(Petaldramon creaking)
(wind howling)
(heroic music)
(all gasping in awe)
[Izzy] So is that...
[Kabuterimon] The
black bugs' boss!
[Izzy] It's an Ultimate
Digimon, Entmon.
-(monitor beeping)
-(Izzy gasping)
And he's not messing around!
(dramatic music)
Gonna be a no from me!
(Greymon grunting)
Look out!
(Tai gasping)
(bugs chittering)
(Muchomon whimpering)
Watch out!
What happened?
It appears that some kind
of barrier has sprung up
to separate us from Petaldramon!
Do you think something
is trying to tell us
not to interfere?
But Kari's still
inside that thing!
Greymon!
(Greymon growling)
(Greymon and Garurumon growling)
(attacks firing)
(attacks exploding)
(dramatic music)
(Kari and Gatomon gasping)
(Petaldramon roaring)
(roots creaking)
-(Kari yelping)
-I've got you!
Petaldramon!
No, Kari!
Petaldramon is about to
fight the final battle.
(dramatic music)
(ground cracking)
(leaves rustling)
(bugs chittering)
(Petaldramon roaring)
(Muchomon whimpering)
(Kari gasping)
(roots cracking)
(roots thudding)
(footsteps thudding)
(Komondomon whimpering)
(Gatomon yelling battle cry)
(dramatic music)
(Petaldramon and
Entmon growling)
Entmon crashing)
(all gasping)
(Kari gasping)
(Petaldramon crashing)
(tail crackling)
(Kari whimpering)
(Tail crashing)
(Petaldramon roaring)
(tense music)
(Kari whimpering)
Kari!
-(Kari panting)
-(bugs chittering)
Kari, no!
(Gatomon grunting)
-(Kari panting)
-(bugs chittering)
(Petaldramon creaking)
-(Kari panting)
-(footsteps tapping)
(shoes sliding)
(dramatic music)
(Entmon roaring)
(Petaldramon groaning)
Petaldramon!
(Kari whimpering)
(digivice chiming)
Gatomon!
(Gatomon panting)
Gatomon digivolve to
Angewomon!
(heroic music)
Fear not, Petaldramon.
For this noble spirit that
fights until the very end,
Let there be light!
Heaven's Charm!
(heroic music)
(footsteps thudding)
(Kari gasping)
(heroic music)
Kari, from here on in...
[Kari] This is
Petaldramon's battle.
(heroic music)
Petaldramon!
(Kari whimpering)
(heroic music)
(light chiming)
(footsteps tapping)
(Kari whimpering)
(all gasping)
Petaldramon!
(all humming sadly)
Petaldramon...
(wind blowing)
(gentle music)
(Kari sighing)
It's all so beautiful!
Petaldramon!
I understand now.
This is going to become
a whole new forest for everyone!
(all clamoring happily)
Now I see.
Thank you, Petaldramon.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Burgermon!
This Digimon is good
at making hamburgers.
In fact, I hear the
burgers he makes
from carefully selected
ingredient data
are simply exquisite!
Now let's check this out!
That bun-shaped hat is proof
of Burgermon's
love of hamburgers.
Now, according to some people,
burgers with pickles
on them are the best.
And Burgermon picks pickles
that are the pickley-est!
(heroic music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Can Matt and
Gabumon save Machmon
and restore the honor
of this fallen hero?
[Tai] Next time on
"Digimon Adventure,"
Activate, MetalGarurumon!
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.